---
date: 2024-05-05
description: "DPSN at CPDP 2024"
title: "Join the Data Protection Law Scholars Network (DPSN) at the Computers, Privacy and Data Protection Conference (CPDP) on Wednesday, 22 May 2024"
disable_share: true
---


We invite all CPDP participants to join us for “The Ultimate Data Protection CPDPub Quiz”. 
This fun event takes you on an exciting journey through the world of data protection, presented in a lively and interactive format. 
The quiz will be led by expert quizmasters and esteemed jury members, and you will have the chance to showcase your knowledge by answering stimulating and thought-provoking questions. 

The quiz topics will range from entertainment and sports to geography, arts, literature, and history. 
All you need to participate is your phone and your data protection knowledge. 
You will compete with other participants in a friendly yet spirited atmosphere, and the top six scorers will advance to The Final. 
In the final, they will be paired in random matches for a chance to win the prestigious title of “the CPDPub Quiz Champion”. 
The ultimate champion will receive a surprise prize and esteemed international recognition. 

As with all DPSN events, there will be an opportunity to network and forge new connections. We look forward to seeing you there!

**The DPSN session is scheduled for Wednesday, May 22, from 17:20 to 18:40 CEST in the Machine Room (Theater).**

The preliminary programme is available [here](https://www.cpdpconferences.org/schedule)

## Questions? ##
If you have any questions or experience problems with your registration, contact us at dpscholars@protonmail.com.


